# HTML5-Grunt-project-template

My HTML5 Grunt template to start building new projects fast.

## Table of contents

1. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
2. [Folder architecture](#folder-architecture)
	1. [Source folder](#source-folder)
	2. [Generated folders](#generated-folders)
3. [Getting started](#getting-started)
4. [To do's](#todos)

## Dependencies

* [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
* [Grunt.js](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)

## Folder architecture

		
	Root
	├Assets
		├Js
		├Scss
		└Views
	├{Development}
	├{Distibution}
	├{Web}
	└Folder2
		└Subfolder
	
	__* Between "{}"-brackets are generated by Grunt tasks__


### Source folder

Tekst here

### Generated folders

These files are generated by grunt.js.

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

## Getting started

Clone this repository to your development environment.

	$ git clone https://github.com/rvantonisse/HTML5-Grunt-project-template.git

If you like this project, watch it, stargaze it, fork it, like it more and start making your own branches with it! =D

Make sure you have [installed node and grunt-cli](#dependencies) before you continue. If all is well, open up your command line interface and set-up your project environment:

	$ npm install

Start developing with grunt:

	$ grunt

You are now ready to make changes to your new project. Well done!

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

## TODOS

<!-- List -->
* [ ] Complete this README
	* [ ] Write a nice clear description
	* [ ] Add folder structure
	* [ ] Add explanation for folder structure
* [ ] Grunt
	* [ ] Create an initiate Gruntfile with basic compiling for scripts and css.
	* [ ] Add templating mechanics to create new components and views as a grunt task.
	* [ ] Load all grunt tasks from a folder named `grunt-tasks`.
* [ ] Add [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) to the project.
* [ ] Add a test environment

<!-- /List -->

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

